My aunt
Say uncle and aunt
Mingyue and I are truly in love
Can you really eat that as a meal?
Hey
Auntie is too old to eat such a big cake
I'm getting old.
It's hard to raise a child
It's up to him from now on
Look at them
The bride price is 200,000
Do you have more?
Of course, then you pose
Not now.
Mouth full of train hum
aunt
From what I've heard, this guy is not that reliable
Two days ago, I grabbed the camellia business with my brother.
It is said that more than 1,000 catties were collected.
Pull it to the provincial capital today.
As a result, as soon as people open it, they take a look
Full of rotten leaves
Isn't this clearly deceiving?
That's true
Not so good
Friends have mentioned it
Ouch, look at this guy like a dog
That's not the case at all.
It's the two brothers surnamed Wang who answered us
They swapped our goods.
Hey, hey, hey.
May I remind you?
Speak with evidence
We brothers can make money to this day
It's all step by step
Wherever you go, friends will give you a few thin noodles.
If you do it like this
Can we make money today?
Auntie, do you think this is the reason?
Yes, to do business, you have to clearly list the price
Children are not deceived
Decheng
You said you look at Auntie's age
Home, big or small.
You said that no one will listen to Auntie's words after this
Ouch, it's okay, it's okay, Auntie has me
We talk as a family
Outsiders are not welcome
unqualified person
roll